Add documentation for multiple source documents terms (#40)
OpenTermsArchive/docs: content/contributing-terms.en.md

## Declaring terms

Terms are declared in a service declaration file, under the `documents` property. 

> Most of the time, terms are constituted by only one online source document (for example [Facebook Terms of Service](https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms)) but sometimes terms can be constituted by multiple online source documents (for example [Facebook community guidelines](https://transparency.fb.com/fr-fr/policies/community-standards/)) and it's all theses source documents combined together that finally constitute the terms. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the time, terms are written in only one source document (for example [Facebook Terms of Service](https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms)) but sometimes terms can be spread across multiple online source documents, and their combination constitutes the terms (for example [Facebook Community Guidelines](https://transparency.fb.com/policies/community-standards/)). 
```

> First of all, let's see what constitute a source document.

Reviewer: I am not sure of the added value of this sentence, and I believe it is slightly misleading as we don't define in the next paragraph _what constitutes_ a source document but rather _how it is represented_ in Open Terms Archive.

```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: I agree.

#### Source document

> A source document is defined by a JSON object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The way in which a source document is obtained is defined in a JSON object:
```

}
```

> #### Terms

Reviewer 2: I don't see the added value of this subtitle.
```suggestion

```

Author: This is to add a clear marker of where the source document definition ends.

Reviewer: At first I found it valuable as it separated the notion of “source document” from the notion of “terms”. However, reading further I agree with @clementbiron: let's make two sections with “single source documents” and “multiple source documents”.

> Now that source documents are defined let's see how to finally declare terms. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Terms with a single source document
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

#### One source document

```

> In the case where terms are consituted by only one source document, the declaration of the terms is done by simply declaring the terms as it _was_ the associated source document:

Reviewer: I am not sure terms are “constituted by” source documents.

```suggestion
In the case where terms are extracted from one single source document, they are declared by simply declaring that source document:
```

```json
  …
  "documents": {
    "<terms type>": {
      "fetch": "…",
      "executeClientScripts": "…",
      "filter": "…",
      "remove": "…",
      "select": "…"
    }
  }
  …
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

#### Multiple source document

```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Terms with multiple source documents
```

When the terms are distributed across multiple source documents, it should be declared by defining the combination, with `combine`, of theses multiples source documents:

```json
  …
  "documents": {
    "<terms type>": 
      "combine": [
        {
          "fetch": "…",
          "executeClientScripts": "…",
          "filter": "…",
          "remove": "…",
          "select": "…"
        },
        {
          "fetch": "…",
          "executeClientScripts": "…",
          "filter": "…",
          "remove": "…",
          "select": "…"
        }
      ]
  }
  …
```

> Note that if some elements of source documents can be factorized (for example, it is common for the structure of HTML pages to be similar from page to page, so `select`, `remove` and `filter` can be factorized) it can be done like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If some parts of the source documents are repeated, they can be factorised. For example, it is common for the structure of HTML pages to be similar from page to page, so `select`, `remove` and `filter` would be the same. These elements can be shared instead of being duplicated:
```
